ToDos:

Not Done:
a) Proof-read and final type-set
b) figure permissions






-------------------- Loco, Manip, and Disc Sections --------------

15. Review the discussion section - Robert



Done:
1. Add to new repo - Robert
2. Remove mention of the word planar throughout - Andy
3. Add Design Fab related work from thesis - Andy
4. Operating Principle make sure it is not a predictive model - Andy
5. Updating plots b and c in figure 7 to change curvature to bend angle - Andy

**I think we should skip adding fish to actuators section** -> 20. Add description to ribbed fish tail design figure and to the actuator section affecting that figure - Robert

6. Former section 3. Actuation renamed to Actuators -Robert
7. Have a fabrication section taken from 3.4- Robert
8. Initial rough Restructuring fabrication section: - Robert
	- Soft Lithography with heterogenous embedding technique 
	- Retractable Pin Technique
	- Lost Wax Casting
 11. New section 5. 'Locomotion' (Single Segment Manipulation), 
	Add two types of fish (hydraulic and pneumatic);  
	-> Adding text and pictures for those robots  - Robert
13. Make old 3.3 become 6. Manipulators (Multi segment manipulators section), - Robert
18. add hydraulic fish figures to fabrication section after pleated gripper section - Robert
21. Change cover picture so it contains also the 3d arm and the fish robot - Andy
-------------------- Fab Section --------------
16. Rewrite specifics of fabrication section so it does not rely on the multi segment 
	manipulator section, which was previously before and now is after the fab section - Robert
17. add pneumatic fish figures to fabrication section
	 before the ribbed manipulator fab description - andy
9. Minor Text revision Lost wax casting 
 	(changing words like 'manipulation' to 'robots' etc.) - Andy
-------------------- Power Section --------------
10. Modify Power Section so that it talks about: 
	Transmission medium: pneumatic/hydraulics, allowing any type of liquids. 
	Architecture: Closed/Open circuit. - Andy
12. Add short explanations to section 5 for the new figures and adding of 
	Design Constraints for Locomotion/ Design Constraints for portability - Andy  
14. Add 3d arm implementation. to section Manipulators - Andy

Not needed for now:
Design section:
- first give models for each design: ribbed model, cylindrical, pleated (cite harvard). 
- For each, give tools we use for designing these: the models and their iterative curvature calculations, make this model more general. Basically, describe one model to describe all of the morphologies: longitudinal and circumferential strain
- Say, here is the process for iteratively calculating the deformations, finding what they are and then
- For each morphology, the expression for stress is specific for each: definition of sigma as a function of pressure (specific for ribbed, pleated or cylindrical)
- As a result, we get a specific expression for each morphology.
	add three belt robot (nikolaus, cagdas, andy), snake for serpentine motion (cagdas);
- Examples of Robots fabricated using this method, so finally, here are the implementations of this: 
	We already have three types of planar manipulators in there with figures, so lets just make it fit with the added sections for the other implementations.
19. Add schematic picture to existing figure in ’Locomotion' section for pneumatic fish - Andy


Bye
Robert